What are you looking for in a job? | Bạn đang tìm kiếm điều gì ở một công việc?
1-I'm looking for _____ . |  | Tôi đang tìm kiếm _____ .
2-Opportunities to learn new things |  | Cơ hội để học nhiều thứ mới
3-Good benefit packages |  | Nhiều gói lợi ích
4-Opportunities to develop myself |  | Cơ hội để phát triển bản thân
5-I'm looking for opportunities to learn new things. |  | Tôi đang tìm kiếm cơ hội để học nhiều thứ mới.
6-I'm looking for good benefit packages. |  | Tôi đang tìm kiếm nhiều gói lợi ích.
7-I'm looking for opportunities to develop myself. |  | Tôi đang tìm kiếm cơ hội để phát triển bản thân.
8-What are you looking for in a job |  | Bạn đang tìm kiếm điều gì ở một công việc
9-What are you looking for in a job |  |
10-Are you looking for opportunities to learn new things |  |
11-I'm looking for | "/aɪm 'lʊkɪη fɔːr/" | Tôi đang tìm kiếm
12-Opportunities to learn new things | "/ˌɑːpərˈtuːnətɪz tuː lɜːrn nuː θɪηz/" | Cơ hội để học nhiều thứ mới
13-What are you looking for in a job | "/wʌt ɑːr juː 'lʊkɪη fɔːr ɪn ə dʒɑːb/" | Bạn đang tìm kiếm điều gì ở một công việc